I'd want to be the window washer in that
household no no but he loves aviation
you see a lot of things in the water you
know in the tap of area not to mention
on land like that plane but we've got
something for you tonight that maybe you
have never seen before it's part boat
part airplane part bike sound odd fox 13
Charlie Belcher is going to tell you
about it tonight and says it's a
Pinellas County man's invention that's
been 15 years in the making and voila
think of Russell Randall as dr.
Frankenstein and this is his monster
he's taken body parts from other
machines and created a brand new one he
calls it a crosstrek the best
description is a bicycle powered airboat
that's right an airplane style propeller
a catamaran type ho and a bicycle minus
the tires the faster you peddle the
faster the propeller turns and well off
you go I hope to make them and sell them
and run jet skis uh out of the out of
out of business Russell's been working
on this design for 15 years he wanted to
come up with a better canoe or kayak but
without a motor that's the rudder and it
is let me show you there its retractable
it goes down in the water he's a
machinist who's worked for aerospace
related companies in the past he's
always been a bit of an inventor but
this has been his biggest project the
crosstrek will go forward backward and
with a slight adjustment sideways for
parallel parking you can imagine he gets
quite the stairs and double takes it's
quite the unique invention it seems like
your legs get tired oh I really took a
liking to it cuz I like bicycling and I
like the water so it looks like it'd be
a lot of fun other bike enthusiasts
can't help but stop and wonder looks
appealing you get off the road get on
the water certainly Russell says it's
great for fishing you can sneak right up
on the fish it's absolutely silent it is
I absolutely defend it is the best
fishing boat in the world it'll even
hold two people so one person can get
the bait on a windy day you can you give
your legs a break since it comes
complete with a sale if it's wendi you
can have fun if it's not when you can
have fun he's been all over the place
with it rivers late
as many as three miles out in the Gulf I
put two thousand miles on this one
already he even takes it camping say
you're camping and there's bugs and you
want to put your tent up quick he says
it's easy to pedal you use as much
energy as a brisk walk okay sure it's
easy for him to do it but what's it
really like to control this thing I got
to tell you it's just like riding a bike
it takes him about two weeks to make one
but he's working on setting up a way to
mass produce them for a price of course
a hardshell version like this we're
looking at with depending on options
about 4000 3500 for the inflatable
version it may look like the
Frankenstein monster of water craps but
this mad scientist says it's
environmentally friendly safe and a lot
of fun Charlie Belcher Fox 13 News for
more information on the cross Trek you
may call Russell Rendell at seven to
seven nine three seven five 808 and
happy pedaling he may be on to something
because everybody here watched very
closely it's very clever everybody's
looking for its own new invention to
make something out of and there he is
again something looks like fun we'll be
back get a moment